[TA] Abstractive Summarization and Extractive Summarization beSpokeMethod (#33198)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/textanalytics/azure-ai-textanalytics/CHANGELOG.md

## 5.3.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - Added bespoke methods for the abstractive summarization and extractive summarization,
>     - `beginAbstractSummary(...)`
>     - `beginExtractSummary(...)`
> - Added new models for the new bespoke methods
>     - `AbstractSummaryOperationDetail`, `AbstractSummaryOptions`, `AbstractSummaryPagedFlux`, `AbstractSummaryPagedIterable`
>     - `ExtractSummaryOperationDetail`, `ExtractSummaryOptions`, `ExtractSummaryPagedFlux`, `ExtractSummaryPagedIterable`

Reviewer: nitpick: wording:
```suggestion
- Added the following methods for performing abstractive summarization and extractive summarization actions:
    - `beginAbstractSummary(...)`
    - `beginExtractSummary(...)`
- Added the following types for the newly added methods
    - `AbstractSummaryOperationDetail`, `AbstractSummaryOptions`, `AbstractSummaryPagedFlux`, `AbstractSummaryPagedIterable`
    - `ExtractSummaryOperationDetail`, `ExtractSummaryOptions`, `ExtractSummaryPagedFlux`, `ExtractSummaryPagedIterable`
```
